<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_bv5_ghv_5jb">
    <title>Deploying the virtual appliances</title>
    <shortdesc></shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>Use VMware vSphere Client to deploy the virtual appliances to an ESX server. Deploy
                OVAs for the gateway, the data server, and the application stack, preferably in this
                order. If an Elasticsearch cluster is also being deployed, those OVAs must be
                deployed first.</p>
            <p>Ensure that all prerequisites for the deployment described in the planning section
                are met and that the required software packages are available on your local system
                before you start this task.</p>
            <p>Download the latest version of IBM StoredIQ from either IBM Fix Central or IBM
                Passport Advantage®. For information about the package names and part numbers and
                the links to the proper download locations, see the <xref
                    href="https://www.ibm.com/support/pages/download-ibm-storediq-version-76019"
                    format="html" scope="external">download document</xref>.</p>
            <p>The number of Elasticsearch OVAs deployed depends on the planned size of your
                Elasticsearch cluster. The default setup is a three-node cluster. Each Elasticsearch
                node requires a separate OVA deployment.</p>
            <p>The number of data server OVAs deployed depends on the number of data servers needed.
                Each data server requires a separate OVA deployment.</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Connect to the ESX server or vCenter server.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Open VMware vSphere Client</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select <menucascade>
                        <uicontrol>File > Deploy OVF Template</uicontrol>
                    </menucascade></cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Within the <uicontrol>Deploy OVF Template</uicontrol> wizard, complete these
                    steps.</cmd>
                <substeps id="substeps_czr_d3v_5jb">
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Within the Select source page, click <uicontrol>Local file</uicontrol>,
                            and then browse to and select the appropriate OVF. Click
                                <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol></cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Within the <uicontrol>Review details</uicontrol> page, review the OVF
                            template details</cmd>
                        <info>
                            <p>These storage requirements are critical and will be used to select a
                                data store during deployment. Click<uicontrol> Next</uicontrol> to
                                proceed.</p>
                        </info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Within the<uicontrol> Select name and folder </uicontrol>page, enter a
                            name for the deployed template or use the default name. Click<uicontrol>
                                Next.</uicontrol></cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Within the <uicontrol>Select a resource</uicontrol> page, select the
                            resource pool where the deployed OVF template runs. Click
                                <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol></cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Within the <uicontrol>Select storage</uicontrol> page, select a data
                            store on which to store the deployed OVF template files Click
                                <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Within the <uicontrol>Disk Format</uicontrol> list, select the disk
                            format to be deployed. Note that although <uicontrol>Thin
                                Provision</uicontrol> saves disk space, it can negatively affect
                            performance. If possible, select <uicontrol>Thick Provision Lazy
                                Zeroed</uicontrol>. Click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol></cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Within the <uicontrol>Network Mapping</uicontrol>, map the network to
                            the appropriate network. Click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Within the <uicontrol>Ready to Complete </uicontrol>page, review the
                            deployment settings. Click Finish to complete the Deploy OVF Template. </cmd>
                        <info>
                            <p>At this point, you can select the <uicontrol>Power on
                                </uicontrol>check box to turn on the VM after deployment is
                                complete.</p>
                            <p><b>Important:</b>If your IBM StoredIQ environment includes an
                                Elasticsearch cluster, do not select this option when you're
                                deploying the data server OVA. The Elasticsearch cluster setup must
                                be complete before you run the data server first-boot process.  </p>
                        </info>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Repeat steps 3 and 4 for each OVA.</cmd>
                <info>Configure the components of your IBM StoredIQ environment in this order:<ol
                        id="ol_n11_3mv_5jb">
                        <li>Elasticsearch cluster (if applicable)</li>
                        <li>Gateway</li>
                        <li>One or more data servers</li>
                        <li>Application Stack</li>
                    </ol></info>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
