<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="planning_for_deployment">
    <title>Planning for deployment</title>
    <conbody>
        <p>When you plan a deployment of IBM StoredIQ, evaluate several infrastructure
            considerations.</p>
        <p> In addition to the information in this section, review the requirements detailed in the
            IBM Software Product Compatibility Reports (SPCR) tool at: <xref
                href="https://www.ibm.com/software/reports/compatibility/clarity-reports/report/html/softwareReqsForProduct?deliverableId=CC1291B0F4AF11E3ACBD4447721DA353"
                format="html" scope="external"/></p>
        <p> If you plan to use IBM StoredIQ for Legal Identification and Collection to create and
            manage data boxes and data requests that are to be fulfilled by IBM StoredIQ, also check
            the system requirements for StoredIQ for Legal at: <xref
                href="https://www.ibm.com/software/reports/compatibility/clarity-reports/report/html/softwareReqsForProduct?deliverableId=8A0331A0C50D11E58D9C0D684F363D68"
                format="html" scope="external"/></p>
        <section id="section_pys_d1x_sjb">
            <title>Generate customized reports with the SPCR tool</title>
            <p>Go to the page at Software Product Compatibility Reports to create a high-level
                report for supported operating systems, related software, hypervisors, and supported
                translations for any product. You can also create an in-depth report to get detailed
                system requirements, hardware requirements, and end of service information for each
                product. You can search for a product in all of the report types and reports are
                generated based on your query values.</p>
            <p> The following report types are the most commonly generated reports from software
                product compatibility reports:</p>
            <p><b>Detailed system requirements</b>
            </p>
            <p>When you select your product version for the detailed system requirements report, you
                can set a report filter for <uicontrol>Operating system platforms</uicontrol>,
                    <uicontrol>Product components</uicontrol>, and
                    <uicontrol>Capabilities</uicontrol>, including prerequisites and support
                software. After you view the report, you can save it as a URL to generate anytime or
                download it as a PDF. </p>
            <p><b>Hardware requirements</b>
            </p>
            <p>When you select your product version for the hardware requirements report, you can
                set a report filter by the <uicontrol>Operating system families</uicontrol> option.
                Set the operating system filter by selecting some or all of the operating systems
                that are supported by your product. After you view the report, you can save it as a
                URL to generate anytime or download it as a PDF. </p>
            <p><b>End of service </b></p>
            <p>The end of service report shows the service window of the products that you specify
                over an eight-year span. For example, you can find out when your product is
                scheduled to go out of service.</p>
        </section>
    </conbody>
</concept>
